c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Prantor.MMS.Web.dll.config
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Prantor.MMS.Web.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Prantor.MMS.Web.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\obj\Debug\Prantor.MMS.Web.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\obj\Debug\Prantor.MMS.Web.dll
c:\users\dell\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\obj\Debug\Prantor.MMS.Web.pdb
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Prantor.MMS.Model.dll
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Prantor.MMS.Model.pdb
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Prantor.MMS.Framework.dll
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Prantor.MMS.Framework.pdb
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Prantor.MMS.Data.dll
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Prantor.MMS.Entities.dll
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Prantor.MMS.Web.Framework.dll
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Prantor.MMS.Data.pdb
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Prantor.MMS.Entities.pdb
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Prantor.MMS.Web.Framework.pdb
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Prantor.MMS.BL.dll
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Prantor.MMS.BL.pdb
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.dll
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.dll
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.xml
C:\Users\DELL\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Prantor.MMS.WebSln\Prantor.MMS.Web\bin\System.Web.Http.WebHost.xml
